Add information about adding CA cert when configuring LDAP (#5191)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-project-to-use-ldap.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="configuring-project-to-use-ldap"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-{project-context}-to-use-ldap"]
```

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Authentication Sources*.
. From the *LDAP* menu, select *Create*.
. On the *LDAP server* tab, enter the details of your LDAP server.
. For TLS encrypted connections, select *LDAPS* to enable encryption.

> In the *CA certificate* field, paste one or more PEM-encoded CA certificates to verify the LDAP server's TLS certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the *CA certificate* field, paste one or more PEM-encoded CA certificates to verify the TLS certificate of the LDAP server.
```

ifndef::containerized[]
If you leave this field blank, {Project} uses the system trust store.

> If you set a CA certificate, only the configured certificates are trusted and the system trust store is not consulted.

Reviewer 2: Per IBM SG, "truststore" is one word.
```suggestion
If you leave this field blank, {Project} uses the system truststore.
If you set a CA certificate, only the configured certificates are trusted and the system truststore is not consulted.
```

. On the *LDAP server* tab, enter the details of your LDAP server.
+

> For TLS encrypted connections, select *LDAPS* to enable encryption.

Reviewer 3: This line should be part of the CA cert step, as the CA cert field is only visible when LDAPS checkbox is checked.

> Optional: In the *CA certificate* field, paste one or more PEM-encoded CA certificates to verify the LDAP server's TLS certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *CA certificate* field, paste one or more PEM-encoded CA certificates to verify the LDAP server's TLS certificate.
```

This is not optional; it's conditional. I also suggest to rephrase this slightly to start with the condition: "If you want to use custom CA certificates, ...".
Then "By default, {Project} uses the system trust store.".

Please also drop the surrounding empty lines.

If you leave this field blank, {Project} uses the system trust store.

> If you set a CA certificate, only the configured certificates are trusted and the system trust store is not consulted.

Reviewer 3: This is optional only for non-containerized, for containerized it is mandatory when user wants to enable LDAPS, and also the system trust store part does not apply in containerized. Enabling LDAPS together with this note probably warrants its own step with distinguished texts for containerized and non-containerized environments.
